


Charge Battery. (Canon NB-5L works best)

Clean off mem card
- DCIM/101CANON and DCIM/100CANON
  need to have all content removed

Make sure correct version of script (mint.lua) is installed
into CHDK/SCRIPTS/mint.lua. Script is available at github
at INSERTURL. Note that the card needs to be 'read-write"
mode to work on most card readers for editing the script.

The memory card needs to be "read-only" to boot into chdk. Note
that is READ-ONLY. Yes, the opposite of what makes sense. This is
also known as "lock" mode on some cards. The little write protect
tab needs to be moved away from the card contacts. 


For pre flight testing and fiddling, it is probably a good idea to
do it with a backup battery, so we have a nice fresh full battery
to put in the camera immediately before the flight. 

Start up Procecure

1. Verify memory card  (currently a "easystore 2gb" card, dark blue) 
   is "locked"

2. Card into camera.

3. Battery into camera

4. Verify flash is "off"  (working on getting this into the script...)

5. Verify that review is off.

	To check this, hit the "print" button above the direction pad,
	then "menu" to get into the regular (aka, not chdk) menus.

6. Verify the camera is in "camera" mode. The red slr looking icon on the
    mode wheel at the top right. Also the second mode down from the top.

7. Verify we are in "auto" mode

8. Verify that we are in "focus to infinity"
   FIXME: in theory, the script should be doing this now

7. As set, the script is loaded on start up, but doesn't start running
   until the shutter is pressed. 

   On startup you should see the "chdk" splash screen. If this is not
   the case, the card is probably not in the right "locked" state. 

   In camera mode, you should see "minimal intervalemter" on the screen. 

   To start the script, press the shutter button. 

   Camera should display  WHATS IT SHOW?

8. Camera should be ready to go now. It will take a pic every 15 seconds,
   as well as log camera temp and battery voltages to baloon_log.txt 


